Document creating skills and workflows from Agent Chat (#7539)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/agents-and-workflows.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
With create-from-chat as approach 1, “Create at least one workflow” isn’t a prerequisite for that path.

Author: Addressed in d054a9824. Removed the global prerequisite to create an existing workflow. Thanks!

# Connect {{agent-builder}} agents and Elastic Workflows

Elastic Workflows and {{agent-builder}} combine deterministic automation with conversational reasoning. You can create workflows conversationally, make workflows available to agents, and invoke agents from workflows.

## Approaches

There are three ways to use {{agent-builder}} and workflows together:

> * **Create workflows from Agent Chat** {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga`: Describe the automation you want in natural language, refine the generated draft, then confirm creation. Refer to [Create skills and workflows in chat](chat.md#create-skills-and-workflows-directly-from-chat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Create workflows from Agent Chat** {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+` {applies_to}`serverless: ga`: Describe the automation you want in natural language, refine the generated draft, then open **Preview** and select **Save** to create it. Refer to [Create skills and workflows in chat](chat.md#create-skills-and-workflows-directly-from-chat).
```

Author: Addressed in d054a9824. The approach now uses Preview and Save. Thanks!
